large limousines from France are rather exotic on German roads
want to find out why and test today the new flagship of
French brand Renault
I believe that multicultural car of Renault if Renault Latitude
based on the Korean Samsung SM5
at the Renault Mégane
and a few more components from Nissan
The nati-captain is supposed to be a real alternative to the manufacturer
represent other sedans of the upper class
and to make their jewel for the German market interesting
the French come up with something
the euro gives this only in an equipment line
Euro equipped
this includes one
Massage will be
the frozen ground to comfortably take the food also wobble a bit
Smurf and equipment also include a rear view camera
oppose a navigation system and in Kiel is a big team
a distance control or assistance systems for monitoring the
Dead angle and looking for the lane change, however, in vain because they
simply will not bid for the latitude
unusual exception in this vehicle class
on the off
Singles are volatile but the collection of articles you can do
French euro comes in for the currency markets you detail
the front is plain and the rounded headlights carry the bench
The sideline costs him
the side windows were with the goal had to be closed
a good four meters and nothing changed the bag in the crowd
At the rear, the tail lights range in intensity technology
Vehicle flanks on
in the interior, all passengers have the head and leg room
processed materials in the cockpit look high quality but do not give
Fragrance tree friends will be using the integrated platform atomizer
either six points happy
the driver's seat has a memory function for storing 30
to configure
Michler Benghazi Renault Latitude only a single equipment lines
therefore you can choose between two colors
once black once ran silver
In addition, you can choose whether you have a gasoline engine from Nissan or one
of two diesel engines from Renault
we test the two-liter diesel with six-speed automatic 527 missed 360
Attitude wants to accelerate minutes
in 9 95 seconds from zero to a hundred cards
The test car driven by us is to close from 489 euros in Germany
over a term of almost four years
that was possible for Borussia more victories
this is exactly where the multicultural character comes in again
Front axle are from Renault and the rear axle from Nissan
so much for the subject of suspension and handling
a real challenge to the competition makes Renault with the 103 kW if they
after this period, the costs are less than 20 thousand euros in
Germany
the controller solar title that is sufficient with many 77 meters
but he can still prove himself against his competitors
the price alone might be able to read it for it alone
would not give to buy only to read for four years three times 9 90 euros
per month by giving a theoretical purchase price of 19 outside of a 52 euros
she will not really have a hard time on the competition